add triage for 2025-09-15 (#2247)
rust-lang/rustc-perf: triage/2025/2025-09-15.md

# 2025-09-15 Triage Log

> Difficult week to interpret, because a positive change in [#145910](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/145910) skewes the results more negative in our benchmarks. Overall result is probably still slightly negative, because there's more work from added features. On the other hand, we also have a nice improvement in reducing the number of query dependencies in compiler's incremental system in [#145186](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/145186).

Reviewer: maybe something like the change "performs a bit worse in our benchmarks than it would in the real world"?

> Difficult week to interpret, because a positive change in [#145910](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/145910) skewes the results more negative in our benchmarks. Overall result is probably still slightly negative, because there's more work from added features. On the other hand, we also have a nice improvement in reducing the number of query dependencies in compiler's incremental system in [#145186](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/145186).

Author: ok, let's do that one, sounds more straightforward. Thanks.

```suggestion
Difficult week to interpret, because a positive change in [#145910](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/145910) performs a bit worse in our benchmarks than it would in the real world. Overall result is probably still slightly negative, because there's more work from added features. On the other hand, we also have a nice improvement in reducing the number of query dependencies in compiler's incremental system in [#145186](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/145186).
```
